Azure AD Admin: fix typo and regenerate (#458)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: azure_ad_admin/help.md

# Version History

> * 2.1.1 - Fix typo in Add User to Groups By IDs action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 2.1.1 - Update `user_type` title to `User Type` from `Department` |  Return `group_id` in Add User to Groups By IDs action
```
